So we know that we were able to save data and our database or favorite objects are being saved, which
is great.
Now we want to show those inside of our favorite screen.
So when to create a structure like this, right?
Let's go ahead and do that.
Now we already we should have, I believe, already.
Let me get rid of some of these.
Let's go and find a favorite screen.
Very good.
All right.
It's very empty.
Nothing is there.
That's fine.
That's why we're here.
So we have enough control and we're passing and we all need something else.
Guess what?
Yes, you need a favorite view model like this, and I'm going to go ahead and just instantiate it held
view model so we can actually use it.
So I'm going to create a scaffold here.
Nothing really new for a top bar.
I'm going to pass the weather app.
Bar, such I'm going to pass on the controller and I'm also going to pass a few other parameters here
because we can't do that, remember.
That's the reason why we created this nav bar this top, this app bar should call it so that we can
do things like this.
We can customize to our liking.
So it's, say, favorite cities.
Okay for the title.
I'm going to put it an icon here.
You see icons default.
Arrow back good is main screen.
Let's say false, that works as well, it is not main.
And we have enough controller.
That's very good.
OK.
And we make sure here because I know I have that lambda.
So when the back button is click, I'm going to use an IV controller and say Pop back stack.
OK.
Let's see.
Put all in one lambda, that's fine.
OK, so now here is going to be where we add all of this information right to the body of our favorite
cities.
Well, it's going to be very simple.
First of all, let me put a surface here.
What's new?
And I'm going to add a modifier key for padding of a five dpi.
I like to add modifier.
And to Phil Max with.
It's important to our DP there.
And that's good.
Let's add a column.
And for a column, let's start with the vertical alignment or arrangement, I say arrangement, I want
centre
and horizontal.
I'm going to see alignment.
Senator, horizontally.
That's about that.
And here what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a file called this list and I'm going to say few
model or rather our favorite your model.
I'm going to invoke the five list variable, which is the property you remember correctly that we created
right inside of the view model death value.
And I'm going to say collect.
Actually, I don't need to file, I'm going to say that.
And let's go ahead and say, collect a state like this and then get the value.
All right.
So we get the actual state, which remember it's needed for composable because posibles.
They are triggered triggered by data, but most importantly, data that's wrapped inside of a state.
OK, all right.
That's all.
Not really.
When parolees pass a lazy column here and I just going to use that lambda, it's much easier that way
to say items going to use that flavor of items, items.
Of course, in this case, I'm going to set it to our list of items there, a lambda and four lambda
here.
What I'm going to do call this city brew.
I'm going to pass it, which is each one of our favorite objects in the past, our nav controller,
which is our nav controller at the top and also going to pass the favorite view Model S..
All right, let's go ahead and create our city row composable by the bottom here.
I mean, go in and import that, OK?
And sort of it, let's just call this favorite.
That.
Remove the excess and good.
All right, so here we are, just going to create this very simple structure.
You want to create a surface, of course, and passing the modifier.
You were padding about three deep and filled max width and going to give a height of about 50 deep as
such.
Right.
And the other thing I want to make sure that happens is that this is also clickable because we need
to click on that and we're going to come back to that.
So continuing here, I'm going to add the shape of circle shape such I'm going to actually customize
this a little bit to add that pizzazz.
So top end, I'm going to put a corner size corner size there of about 60.
This is just me trying to be fancy.
Nothing really necessary.
But, you know, give it a color here.
Say color.
I'm going to use hex codes.
So zero x f f what alphas and so forth.
B to DfT.
Be like this again?
You can always change by clicking on the color there and change the color.
Very handy.
OK, there we go.
And so now inside of our structure, here are a composed surface.
Let's remove that redundancy there.
I think I already have all the good there and now I'm going to create a row.
Remember just creating this structure now inside there this row?
We're going to make sure I pass a few modifiers here.
So modifier.
Oops.
Phil Max, width and vertical alignment.
I want this to be center vertically.
And horizontal arrangement, I want this to be space evenly.
And that's about it.
And now it's just a matter of adding these text, all of that there.
OK, so we start with a text.
I'm going to use the object favorite because I have access to it.
We're passing it there and I want to get the city property.
Give it a modifier.
I want to give a start.
Start padding here.
Of about four deep.
And that's about it.
And then if you look closely, it looks like I've also added, I do have something else here.
Let's get rid of that.
I have a background and then on top I have the tax.
So just on the surface, what's new surface?
Pass a modifier.
Jesse Tulip for snow padding.
And let's add.
The shape, because the one that circle shape.
Passing a color that's color I want.
Then inside, that's why I'm going to pass on the text, right?
And it's going to be a favorite that country hopes a country like this and its paths, of course, a
modifier.
I'm going to give a padding overall for deep and give a style material theme
topography, say caption like this.
OK, so we're done with this part.
Now we're going to look at this.
There.
So I'm going to go outside, of course.
Let's see, you have this structure there and created this row to remove that.
So right after that, I'm going to create another icon.
She was different there.
I want to delete.
It's just personal, actually, let's just say delete.
Pass a modifier.
I want this to be clickable.
It's very important.
And also, I want to pass it tint colour to change things a little bit when I say colour.
Read and change of things, a little bit of.
0.3 F.
OK.
Now, what do we want to happen when we click on this button?
It's very simple.
All I want to do is delete that favorite city.
Serving as a favorite view model, dot, delete and pass our favorite object.
Look how simple this is now, because we've structured everything again to emphasize everything is well
structured.
We have the lower part repository view model and so forth.
So now at the top level of everything, it's so much easier to use what we've worked so hard for, huh?
So just delete past that favorite object, which we know has been passed along in our city row and we're
done.
And the great thing now here is that while in fact, let's just run, this will wait to see if we're
going to see something right because we've been looking to we've been working on the favorite for a
while.
Let's run this and hopefully make sure we can see something.
All right, so let's go to our favorites.
We can do that by clicking favorites.
Aha.
Just like that, we see San Diego, Seattle, Moscow, these are the cities we have added it before.
How wonderful, in fact, because the elite is already there, I can click and voila, it's gone.
If I go back, of course, say San Diego here, of course, that was the last thing we had.
I can add something else.
Let's say Rio de Janeiro.
Hopefully you get something.
All right.
Janeiro, Brazil, that's saved.
I know this is saved now.
Good favorites.
You should see a different era.
And Brazil, it's there.
All right, very good.
It's working now.
It is that when we click on this structure here, the whole thing, right, the whole room want to be
able to go back to Maine and whatever now was clicked.
We are going to repopulate this main screen here with that new city.
What do we do that?
Well, first of all, we have enough control in our city.
And we're going to call that somewhere while we call that inside of this surface.
Because remember, this is a surface that is this whole surface there.
Right?
So when that is clicked, we want to do something.
Yes, we say nav controller and then we say navigate.
Remember, we get the correct one.
They were out strange like this.
And here we pass the route.
So we're going to use the weather screens these that's the, you know, and I'm going to go to main
screen name.
But look how wonderful this is.
Remember, when we go to main screen, we have to pass a variable.
In this case, we have passed to see.
Which happens to be the city that we have right now set up for us.
Right.
So I'm going to say something like that and then passing the variable, which is our favorite dad city
like that.
That's right, because this favorite object here is what's being passed, you know, a single row,
which in this case is going to be that favorite that we got from our favorite the view model.
Like we look through the list to create this lazy column, which is this that shows they're right.
And now we have access to each individual object because that's passed along, you know, see, the
row in this case is the favorite, and we can use that to get the city.
To navigate, to weather the main screen, and then we should pass in the new city.
And just to for a reminder and we say main screen, you notice that main screen needs that information,
right?
We still have that log d there.
But he needs this city for navigation because we passed the city name into our get weather data on another
view model in our produce state, which drives everything here.
All right.
Let's see if this works.
OK.
Let's see.
I'm going to go to favorites and let's say San Diego, click.
Voila!
San Diego is showing and it's showing everything about San Diego.
Seven day everything works right.
Because all that drives everything is our get weather data.
We pass the city name, which we receive from our route.
From what I from our out, our navigation arguments.
All right, if I change this good favorites again, I want to read Jane Eyre again, click through airways
showing I go, I want Seattle this time.
And voila, there are a few things we need to do.
Specifically, we see here that even though Seattle comes from, it's part of a favorite.
They give us the option to still like this or still favor this seat, which is not what we want.
So we want to be able to check, first of all, whenever we come here.
Our main screen to check, to see if the city we are on right now, if that's the city, it's contained
in our database and we're going to hide this because it makes no sense to show these ratings just like,
well, we already have that city, so we don't need to save it again, even though if we try to save
again with the strategy we have in our database table and so forth, we said that if it's the same item,
we can always override it.
But even though that's true, but this is just not good user experience.
So we're going to hide that depending whether or not we have, that's already in our database.
So that's what we're going to be doing next.